hello I spent the last two days working
on a bigger version of the door I showed
in the last video I added some new
features to the idea and here it is it's
a 10 x 5 gate at first I have to start a
piston system later I will add a circuit
that starts and stops and automatically
I have a one button to open and close
the door and the advantage of this new
system is that it's incredibly fast and
i will show you by opening closing the
door a few times now i will show you
look behind the walls as in the video
before is the pigeon which the center
ops the only new feature is that we have
two pipelines from the pit to the top
and here's the power that makes us in so
fast what this thing is is a double
buffer for this end so you can directly
open the door two times right now both
buffers are empty and their first one
gets filled
when buffer one is fills the system will
push the sand at buffer tube by an
heiress nor latch the system can tell
with a proper jus is filled or not this
is the clock which it gives the Pistons
its timings with some new features with
this mp8 you can toggle the clock on and
off and this part right here will set up
the polls when you turn it on this is
now one of the biggest problems these
huge coulombs of sand for me I have to
think about solutions how to fix that
when they stack up too high they will
block the doors up there here's the wire
of the open and close button coming in
and by this simple circuit here it's
possible to toggle the door I will
demonstrate real quick and these two
little circuits add a bit more of signal
lengths to make both doors stay open
long enough
so that's about it and I have hidden
some of the wires down the walls to make
it look a little bit cleaner but except
for that you have seen everything about
it I think you can see that the whole
thing is working really well and yeah
absolutely confident that I will
eliminate the few bucks that the system
still has in the near future okay i hope
you enjoyed this video and see you next
time